Review: Went for a simple descale and polish.

Fantastic work by the dentist, very thorough job and teeth are now much cleaner and white.

Price was fair

Great customer service from staff inside and Dannielle online.

However far too much bureaucracy and paperwork for the straightforward service we received. Needs simplifying and to go digital!

They were also quite pushy to take face pictures of me for their own marketing purposes - didn’t make it clear if I could opt out of this…
Polarity Scores: {'neg': 0.026, 'neu': 0.817, 'pos': 0.157, 'compound': 0.9042}

Review: I feel really let down and disappointed in the treatment I have received.
Firstly- We have spoke about coming to dentakay for some time now and when we spoke with Leo the co-ordinator he gave us a price and told us that it wouldn’t change too much but it has gone up by thousands.
We had no choice but to pay as this is the only reason we flew to Antalya. To visit the dentist
Secondly - I then started treatment, i was under local anaesthetic and had all the teeth shaved down, i was told to have a seat and then an hour or so later they came back and told us we couldn’t continue treatment as planned because they were too busy and we had to come back the next day. We left with nothing, no pain killers, no paper work with some do’s or don'ts , no information, nothing at all. When we left I was still numb but as the night went on and it started to ease off I was in so much pain.
I was up all night and couldn’t sleep with the pain and it was so much worse when I lay down. We went back the next day and explained I was in pain. They offered a pain relief injection which helped. I was supposed to have root canal, extractions and implants.
Only the extractions and implants were done as that’s all they had time for and now I need to go back again the next day to be put under more Anaesthetic for the root canal’s to be done. Things that were supposed to be done on Monday still weren’t done by the Wednesday because they were too busy.
I have been in the clinic 6 days straight with no rest days.
We were handed medication on the Wednesday antibiotics and pain killers and then asked to pay for them. We didn’t know we had to pay and this was never explained to us at any point. I feel like we haven’t been given any after care advice.
After all the surgery over the last few days, I have no idea what i can or can’t eat or drink. I have had to google it for myself.
I think this is so unprofessional.
I was been fitted with temporary teeth and explained as soon as I saw them I didn’t like them, I showed them the kind of thing I was looking for and was told that was fine and whatever I wanted to change I can do that no problem until I was completely happy.
I had to pick the shape of the teeth from a crinkled piece of paper that looked like it had been lying around for months and the Shade from a single tooth on a stick.
Very very hard to pick something I need to keep in my mouth for a long time from things like this and feel it should have been done more professionally with more ways to show me how these were going to look.
The teeth were fitted today,
Shape is OK but the colour is way off.
Being told I could change them I went with the shade 3 Hollywood white.
The sample tooth was still very white and thought this would be good however they are not white at all and I feel they are yellow at the bottom near my gums, there is a few different shades on them.
When I spoke to the dentist about this he simple said NO they can’t be changed!
Very rudely!
I was told they could changed and his answer was they can be made darker but not lighter!
No one in the whole clinic ever told me this!
Otherwise I would have went shade 1 with possibly being able to change them.
Very very disappointed that I have paid ALOT of money and not happy at all
I left the clinic today with a few bits of paperwork but they forgot to give me my mouth guard that I need to wear so I’m waiting to see about this before I go home tomorrow on the hope I receive one.

I told the team I get married in June and this was the reason for my new teeth and I feel they have taken my excitement away by the horrible experience I was given.
I need to go back to have my implants done but I’m not sure I will return to dentakay after all of this.
There is no way to contact anyone at the Antalya clinic, it’s all done by the wats app chats but none of them work in Antalya they are all based in Istanbul so it takes a while to get a reply about ANYTHING.

I do have to say that JULIE at Antalya clinic is very very understanding and try's her best to help but a lot of things are out of her control.
Polarity Scores: {'neg': 0.108, 'neu': 0.821, 'pos': 0.071, 'compound': -0.9892}

Review: Husband was taken care of as soon as you arrived.  They taken all teeth out, with sinus lift and bone graft. They look after you and the advice and care after is top.  They asked of we both wanted drinks (really recommended the caramel iced coffee ☕️) I so recommend these people as the care is top and so is the service.
Polarity Scores: {'neg': 0.0, 'neu': 0.751, 'pos': 0.249, 'compound': 0.948}

Review: First class, I went to the Antalya clinic which was very modern, full of the latest technology and had a very high standard of cleanliness. The staff were very friendly and helpful and the dental staff were very professional and knowledgeable. The taxi service was luxurious, always on time and nothing was a problem for them. The only negative was a lengthy waiting time at my first appointment which I had not been warned about by the staff. I would highly recommend this clinic for treatment, I am extremely happy with my teeth 10 out of 10
Polarity Scores: {'neg': 0.033, 'neu': 0.81, 'pos': 0.157, 'compound': 0.9138}

Review: Had my teeth done back in March and everything was fantastic from start to finish. My actual final cost was less than I was quoted which was a surprise.
Had my teeth for four months now had absolutely no issues and everybody telling me how fantastic they look and I’m really pleased with the result and cannot say enough good things about this company and the service they supply
Was really worried at first, but the professionalism of the staff really put me at ease. I would recommend this company to anybody thinking of having their teeth done.
Polarity Scores: {'neg': 0.048, 'neu': 0.817, 'pos': 0.135, 'compound': 0.8608}

Review: A life-altering experience for the better. I came to DCT Antalya to address several issues: old fillings, crowding, gaps, etc - many problems. In just a few days the incredible staff did miraculous work. If such a clean, high tech, beautiful dental clinic exists in the US I have not seen it - and couldn't afford it. Approx $9k total for 25 crowns, 3 implants, and 2 root canals (& bridges during implant healing months). The same in the US would cost over $50k. They provided a long menu of delicious juice and coffee beverages and lux hotel transportation, all without charge. Finally, one of the bosses, Oz, had a long conversation with me about my particular case, explaining everything and answering all my questions so patiently. The staff all worked together so efficiently, and were very gracious. Don't hesitate, get your dental work done here. Pic of the live olive tree in the patio
Polarity Scores: {'neg': 0.016, 'neu': 0.853, 'pos': 0.131, 'compound': 0.9636}

Review: From first contact everything was easy. Every person in your dentist was a pleasure to deal with. They understood what I wanted and gave me the perfect smile. Thank you again, I would highly recommend your dentist.
Polarity Scores: {'neg': 0.0, 'neu': 0.631, 'pos': 0.369, 'compound': 0.9524}

Review: I cannot recommend this dentist enough, my dentist was called Furkan Basar and he was amazing he was kind and thoughtful throughout the process and he speaks very good English also. I am never using another dentist in the UK, i would rather fly here and see Furkan as he will put you first and what you want. The technology is amazing and i had 25 crown veneers and i felt no pain. Again thanks to the Dental Centre Turkey and a big Thank you Furkan Basar for making my perfect smile and i now feel
Confident to smile with my teeth showing.
Polarity Scores: {'neg': 0.016, 'neu': 0.689, 'pos': 0.295, 'compound': 0.9872}

Review: Terrible dentists! I did two root canals, now I have to see a specialist because they did not do it correctly, did not do any X-rays when they finished with the root canal. Be careful, big scam. Mouth got infected both times which caused my to take antibiotics. Pay the extra money and stay where you are!
Polarity Scores: {'neg': 0.183, 'neu': 0.793, 'pos': 0.024, 'compound': -0.8856}

Review: There was no pushy overselling.
I wasn't persuaded to go for the biggest option of work done, but was given the time to work through the plan that best suited my mouth. This actually meant spending quite a bit less than I had expected, I wasn't made to feel guilty that my work was less expensive. When you have travelled alone these things are terribly important. As a result I have recommended this dentist a lot.
Polarity Scores: {'neg': 0.121, 'neu': 0.739, 'pos': 0.14, 'compound': -0.0508}

